[MUSIC PLAYING]
HOST: New documentary.
- Dr. Greer granted me exclusive
never-before-seen access to one
of his advanced workshops
where he teaches his protocols.
HOST: This week on Gaia,
on a new series, "Mysteries
of the Knights Templar."
>>SCOTT WOLTER: The emerald
tablet literally starts out
saying, "as above, so below."
That there was a relationship
between the heavens
and the Earth.
This was fundamental to alchemy.
HOST: On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>>TIM: The US
military is especially
communicating with those
civilizations out there.
There's some effort in order
to bring their knowledge back
to this planet,
and this is what we
have called Project Cassiopeia.
HOST: On a new season
of "Into the Vortex."
>>WENDY KENNEDY: Right
now, you look out
at the state of the world,
and it seems a big mess.
But you've got to break things
down to build things up.
You will build rapidly because
your state of consciousness
is now getting higher
and higher and higher.
HOST: On "The Other Side."
- Healers are multi-dimensional
beings who dance between
the realms of the
seen and unseen.
HOST: On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>>JERRY SARGEANT:
I say to everybody
that comes into our
healing session,
are you prepared to die?
When they come out the other
side, they're transformed.
HOST: On "Superpower."
>>MIRANDA ALCOTT: The
way an animal sees
life is so different from us.
We have to join the animal
where they are and then
take it from there.
Otherwise, why
would they trust us?
HOST: On "Open Minds"
with Regina Meredith.
>>LEE HARRIS: All humans
who come from oneness
need to return to oneness--
this essential idea that you
are actually all equal.
HOST: Only on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]